OBSDOCS-1806: Tailored Network Policies for Loki Operator (#100718)
openshift/openshift-docs: configuring/configuring-the-log-store.adoc

include::modules/loki-zone-fail-recovery.adoc[leveloffset=+2]
include::modules/loki-rate-limit-errors.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

[id="loki-network-policies-for-added-security_{context}"]
== Loki network policies for added security

> You can enable network policies for Loki that {loki-op} will deploy. Use these network policies to allow or restrict communication to and from the Loki components to enhance security.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{loki-op} is able to deploy and manage a set of `NetworkPolicies` that restrict the communications to and from the Loki components to enhance security. For customers on OCP >= 4.20 `NetworkPolicies` will be deployed by default.
```

Author: done with slight modification
